https://kifarunix.com/install-nexus-repository-manager-on-ubuntu/
https://www.vultr.com/docs/install-sonarqube-on-ubuntu-20-04-lts/
remember that when adding nexus user to sudoers file, use package installer from landmark
Talking about kubernetes
make use of profs read me file to install.
use the first script for both the master and the slave nodes
for the master nodes, complete the whole scripts , log out from root user and perform the remaining tasks.
for the slave users make sure you run the kubeadm init in the master and get your token, add that token to the script for the worker nodes
....
When setting up Eks cluster, after you have set up eks on aws, and set up worket node groups, to connect to your system you will have to create an external ec2 instance where you will do the following:
- Install Kubectl from official website
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl-linux/
- Install Aws Cli 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html
---
Steps to setup EKS cluster
1. Create a VPC with 2 Public and @ private subnets. each public and private subnet pair should be in a different availability zone.
2. Set Auto assign ipaddresses to your subnets if you want them to be a part of the cluster.
3. Create an IAM role, the use case should be EKS cluster.
4. Create a second IAM role, this one should have its use case as ec2. Attach 4 policies namely
a. WorkernodePolicy
b. Container Network interface CNI policy
c. Container registry read only policy
d. EBS driver policy
5. Create a Security group for your VPC and allow all traffics.
6. create EKS cluster with the eks role, security group and VPC
7. Create a node group from the compute tab. Make sure to set templates with a private key. Also make sure to attach the required role, VPN and Security group.
8. Create a new instance where you would connect to the control plae from
9. Ssh into the instance and nstall kubectl with the link already provided abouve, install aws cli too.
10. Go to identity access management and create a new access key. when configuring your access, use the current availability zone where your control plane is located and use 'json' when asked for output format
11. aws eks update-kubeconfig --name firstcluster --region us-east-1
note that in the above code firstcluster will be name of your current kube cluster you want to access
